from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, the wax
city of Russia,
Ivanovo, the city of brides, those brides have long
grown up Yes Look, I
usually ask people from the bathroom how you feel
about the special operation,
someone is fighting you perfectly
it’s normal to treat the special operation yes
Of course, for the sake of what, for the sake of what you
want, that your friends died,
I can’t understand
our channel’s meanings But at first he said
dynastification demilitarization, then
he changed his mind about something else, even yours Nobody
knows the meaning but no
identification and demilitarization Yes, that’s how
it is  Look, the demilitarization is going in
reverse, on the contrary, we were pumped up
with weapons and we are
driving out the Russians what fact the Russians drove out the Russians
turned out to be
misleading Tell me the truth
Finally I found someone who will tell me
clearly what happened to the Russian army
that she ran away
to ours showed broken equipment to
eat he looks like this people
ours showed  your beaten equipment near Kyiv near Kharkov near Kherson why did it happen what kind of equipment equipment not a sewing machine armor from the Kharkov region to Belgorod no one ran away that it was no one ran away no one knows how [music] burned out